Hello to all of you in the SPFLite user community,

I have been working with George for quite a long while on SPFLite.  I think his
work goes back to 2005, and I would be surprised if I wasn't in there nagging
him to change things very shortly afterwards.  I can't really remember how long
I have been at it with George (where "being at it" is both in the sense of
working on it and arguing with him about it), but it's been so long that I
basically can't remember when I wasn't working on it.  My most obvious
contribution is the documentation, since I have written a lot of it and revised
lots more.  A dead give-away: wherever the doc is long-winded and wordy, you can
thank/blame me for it.  George likes things short and sweet.  Less obvious are
many of the commands that were either added or extensively changed.  I designed
a lot of these, debated with George about them, and tested them before writing
the doc.  I also wrote and revised small sections of the code, while to be sure
George has written the lion's share of it.

So, for better or worse, I have had a big influence on what SPFLite is today.  I
am hopeful that most of that is for the better, though honesty compels me to
admit that at times I have talked George into implementing some things that
didn't turn out that great or that would have been better not being done.  Those
aspects are in the minority, but as with all software, it's always a work in
progress and is never perfect.

Somewhere in the SPFLite doc it says that software is designed by mere mortals.
I am now at a point in life where being a mere mortal is all too literal, for I
am facing my own mortality.  For some time, I have had to deal with heart
disease, and now I have been told I have cancer.  In an odd sort of way, I feel
like a kid again, having my parents tell me, "OK, time to put the toys away." If
you are someone who really enjoys code, writing software in general, and working
on SPFLite in particular, often feels like playing with toys.  Each new command
or feature accomplished is like another toy in the toy box.  And no, I don't
want to put the toys away.  If I were asked when I would ever grow up, my answer
could only be, "Why should I?  I don't want to".  Unfortunately, now I have to.

So, my involvement in SPFLite will necessarily be coming to an end, and will now
only consist of answering user forum questions when I have time.  I know that
George has his own health issues too.  (I am about to turn 66, and he is 10
years to the day older than me).  So, for both of us, our stint on "The SPFLite
Show" is drawing to a close, whether we want it to or not.  Being the "co-host"
has been a blast, while it lasted.

My wish for all of you is that someone in the user community would take up the
challenge of carrying on the legacy of SPFLite that George started.  I helped
him as much as I could, but he deserves the credit for this; I could never have
done on my own what he did.  I am just grateful he allowed me to help, and put
up with me as long as he did.  If there is a bright and ambitious user out
there, by all means - try it.  All software exists because someone said, "Hey, I
could do it better than that!" And, maybe you can.  I can tell you that it would
be well worth the effort, and it would give both of us a sense of satisfaction
to know that what we made would live on after we are gone.

While we are still here, continue to put this software to the test, and point
out any shortcomings.  That is the only way things get better, by having
involved users.  In the end, doing what is in the best interests of you as the
user community is what writing software is all about.

Regards and best wishes,

Robert Hodge
Troy, Michigan
December, 2018
